the special edition I'm gonna say it on
the big screen great for the kid
back on the big screen to the beginning
of a legend
transform your Kellogg's box into a Star
Wars Episode one game pack Kellogg's are
legendary start to the day
don't look back
before you go ice for choices to make
dreams to realize know the truth
don't get back before you go
Anakin Skywalker Darth Maul you people
are really coming along the Star Wars
Episode one expert sir at KFC we've got
something good to share our Star Wars
tower with its space filling whole
breasts of chicken hash brown and cheese
for only 245 it's in a galaxy not so far
far away what happens when the force of
Star Wars Episode one meets the
irresistible tastes of walkers
find out in a walker Star Wars can you
resist game inside packs up Walkers
crisps and snacks
you could win a million pounds or one of
millions of Char Char ton toys by
scratching off the panels on a Star Wars
game card
can you resist the chance to win a
million pounds with walkers who keeps no
sleep this is a gun inside a single
palatability 3 report from Oda gunda
it's fast enough to escape the John Lodi
senior episode one is here and now a KFC
get a free Star Wars toy with every
kid's meal and for a limited time you
can buy an episode one cup and cover for
only $1.99 with any meal
collect all for only at KFC we've got
something good this year the Star Wars
con talk we don't make your consoles
they have spoken to mention yourself in
the movie by such a disturbance in the
force and a force be with you Jason will
be a comic
you may have seen well-trained haven't
experienced Star Wars until you've
experienced calm talk
it's your universe more you people are
really coming along the episode 1
experts at KFC have got something good
to share a black hole filling Star Wars
mega bucket share with your friends for
only $9.99 unless your Darth Maul ain't
got me it's in a galaxy not so far far
away our Wars Micro Machines the evil
Republic's MTTs land on peaceful Naboo
and released their battle droids to
destroy the planet but the brain to move
fighter pilots with the force behind
them fight off the Republic cruisers
before swooping in to save the planet
Star Wars Micro Machines the adventure
is in your hands
Star Wars be watch be wearing a massive
disturbance in the force
we watch sends you straight into the
middle of episode 1
feel the force right on animated Star
Wars II watch each sold separately take
control of in the bull operator old
Federation joint fighter in the ultimate
dogfight with laser firing in exploding
here the rise
in your history now it's your universe
from the Star Wars Episode one Naboo
withdrawing fighter battles including
Lego and Star Wars 20 episode 1
podracers command Gundam some violets
are blue fighters battled oddball sim
infiltrator you've got what it takes
don't win the day the new Lego Star Wars
Episode one our people are dying senator
we must do something quickly protect you
come try to war this is a battle I do
not think that we can win no sign no
treaty senator
at last we will reveal ourselves to the
Jedi at last we will have revenge begin
landing your troops
use the people gonna die once those
droids take control of the surface they
will take control of you I'm not elected
to watch my people burn and die while
you discuss this invasion in a committee
wipe them out all of love
I need equipment
how about starship wooden storage for a
selected content you can create ships
and characters with the new lego
starwars make them as real as you want
or as unreal red and black your work the
old rule